I am a generation closer to you. Just think of it as an apology for being separated from you.
Little brother, you have already apologized.
You don't even drink a glass of wine.
Why don't you give me face? In front of so many people.
If you don't want to be favored, you can only live in the river for the rest of your life.
Just let him have troubles that he can't tell.
You are so careful. How can I get along with colleagues in the company in the future?
All right. Since you are so sincere,
I'll accept your offer.
Wait for me to add a bed of handicrafts inside
It can be heard as soon as it rings, okay?
Go and give me a drink
Then I met these other colleagues
It's really hard to be a worker, forget it
Get fired, get fired
I didn’t remove it anyway